---
template: BlogPost
path: /cool-tools-2020
date: 2020-04-10T17:54:25.592Z
title: Cool Tools 2020
thumbnail: /assets/tools-bw-unsplash.jpg
---
## CloudCraft

AWS resources diagram and pricing tool.

* Nice diagrams and controls.
* Intuitive User Interface.

## VisBug

Chrome plugin to experiment with an existing Web Page

## Insomnia Rest Client – GraphQL

This is a very nice GraphQL client. Postman is not just not there yet when it comes to GraphQL. If you love GraphQL this is a good reason to switch from Postman to Insomnia.

## Figma

Design and prototyping tool.

## Headless CMS

Interesting Headless CMS that make my list are:

* Contentful: Full featured, Intuitive, Service. This option can become expensive.
* TinaCMS: It claims to not to be a CMS and it really isn’t, but it occupies an interesting space. I’ll call it a markdown editor embedded in your site.
* Netlify CMS: It’s similar to Tina CMS in concept and deserves attention.
* Squidex, Craft CMS, Graph CMS, and Prismic: All seems to be nice options that won’t break the bank.
* Sanity: This is really interesting because the UI is an Open Source React application while the backend storage and API are a provided service. It seems like this would be a great option when the UI needs to be highly customized.

## Cloudinary

This is an amazing digital asset management tool.

## Hasura

Instant GraphQL on Postgres with subscriptions. If you are thinking about using GraphQL this service could save you all kinds of heartache.
